Going Bad
Meek Mill
Featuring Drake
Produced by Westen Weiss & Wheezy
Album Championships
https://genius.com/Meek-mill-going-bad-lyrics

[Intro: Drake & Future]
Yeah
(Wheezy outta here)
G, G

[Verse 1: Drake]
Back home, smokin' legal (Legal)
I got more slaps than The Beatles (Beatles)
Foreign shit runnin' on diesel, dawg
Playin' with my name, that shit is lethal, dawg (Who you say you was?)
Don Corleone
Trust me, at the top it isn't lonely (Strapped)
Everybody actin' like they know me, dawg
Don't just say you're down, you gotta show me (What you gotta do?)
Bring the clip back empty (It's empty)
You asked to see the boss, so they sent me, dawg (Sent me, dawg)
I just broke her off with a 10-piece, dawg (10-piece, dawg)
That ain't nothin', I'm just bein' friendly, dawg

[Chorus: Drake]
It's just a lil' 10-piece for her
Just to blow it in the mall, doesn't mean that we're involved
I just... what? I just... uh, put a Richard on the card
I ain't grow up playin' ball, but I'll show you how the fuck you gotta do it
If you really wanna ball 'til you fall
When your back against the wall
And a bunch of niggas need you to go away
Still goin' bad on 'em anyway
Saw you last night, but did it broad day

[Post-Chorus: Drake]
Yeah, lot of Murakami in the hallway (What?)
Got a sticky and I keep it at my dawg's place
Girl, I left your love at Magic, now it's all shade
Still goin' bad on you anyway

[Interlude: Meek Mill]
Woah, woah, ooh, woah
Woah, woah, ah

[Verse 2: Meek Mill]
I could fit like 80 racks in my Amiris (80 racks)
Me and Drizzy back-to-back, it's gettin' scary (Back-to-back)
If you fuckin' with my opps, just don't come near me (Get outta my way)
Put some bands all on your head like Jason Terry (Brrt, brrt, ooh)
Richard Mille cost a Lambo (That's a Lambo)
Known to keep the baddest bitches on commando (Salute)
Every time I'm in my trap, I move like Rambo (Extended)
Ain't a neighborhood in Philly that I can't go (That's a Fendi)
For real
She said, "Oh, you rich rich?" ("You rich rich")
Bitch, I graduated, call me "Big Fish" (Marlin)
I got Lori Harvey on my wish list (That's Lori)
That's the only thing I want for Christmas (True story, uh)
I've been had my way out here, yeah, know that's facts (Facts)
You ain't livin' that shit you say, yeah, we know that's cap (That's cap)
You ain't got to ask me when you see me, know I'm strapped (Brrt)
DC, OVO, we back again, we goin' plat' (Ooh, ooh)

[Chorus: Drake]
It's just a lil' 10-piece for her
Just to blow it in the mall, doesn't mean that we're involved
I just... what? I just... uh, put a Richard on the card
I ain't grow up playin' ball, but I'll show you how the fuck you gotta do it
If you really wanna ball 'til you fall
When your back against the wall
And a bunch of niggas need you to go away
Still goin' bad on 'em anyway
Saw you last night, but did it broad day

[Outro: Future]
Wheezy outta here
